
                      Spiegel isn't just any regular teacher. You will not understand 60% of what he says until the very last day. You will be held down and forced to do programs that may or may not make you cry... But you will learn correctly. He is absolutely the only professor to consider for coding. Don't take if you are small, weak baby who can't face a challenge.
                  
                      I had him for both CSC 136 & CSC 237. He's an excellent professor. I encourage many students to take him because although he's tough, he is always willing to help you through email & office hours. You'll learn proper program design, documentation and analytical & problem solving skills in his classes. He's your gateway into the field. Trust me.
                  
                      very funny and nice. Definitely willing to help if you're not doing too well, but sometimes he talks himself through some problems on the board and it becomes confusing to try to comprehend.
                  
                      The best computer science professor at Kutztown University. Clearly cares about his students and sets them up to succeed. Makes you work for your grade, but the information you get from him is really valuable. Tests are open-book. He is always available outside of class and is notorious for answering emails immediately.
                  
                      Probably one of the best professors I had at KU. CSC 136 was challenging yes but definitely one of the classes that you'll learn the most from if you put in the effort. Email him when ever you need help on the projects as he responds rather quick. Tests were open notes but still pretty difficult. Complete the projects prior to the exam to do well.
                  
                      Projects are challenging. Start your projects early, and don't work ahead. Email is the best way to get in contact with him. He checks them at all hours. No computers in class to work on so you should bring a laptop.
                  
                      Spiegel is a great professor. He makes sure that you will only get through his class if you thorougly know all the material. Can be a bit unclear at times explaining new topics, which results in rough times doing programs, but he is very good at email communication to ensure you get all the help you need. If you put the work in, you will do fine.
                  
                      Where to begin... He's really rough around the edges but he isn't as scary as everyone says he is.  He is a tough grader and makes you work for your grade. There is extra credit on projects and you should do them. Start your projects when you get them. He's borderline narcissistic but one of the coolest guys when you are in his classes. Tough class
                  
                      For everyone reading this worried about taking Dr. Spiegel for CSC136, pay attention. Dr. Spiegel is immensely proud of the CS program at KU. Work your ass off and you will succeed. Go and talk to him if you need help. If you fail, it is your fault. Take Dr. Spiegel as often as you can, and work hard in his classes. Best teacher at KU by far.
                  
                      You learn A LOT from spiegel. DO NOT skip class! start your programs the day you get them. He gives bonus points for early submitting. He literally replies from your emails within an hour! He's there to help you and knows his stuff. TAKE ADVANTAGE OF EMAILING HIM for help. This is easily the most respected professor i'll ever have. Fair at grading.
                  
                      Professor Spiegel is an amazing professor. He knows his stuff and always gives an answer to any question you throw at him. He does choose favorites in class, so participate for best results! He makes you think and makes you work for your grade. tests are open note and book, but take as many notes as you can! Great professor!
                  
                      START YOUR PROJECTS EARLY! He gives bonus points for being able to turn in early portions of projects which add up to be worth another project in itself at the end of the semester. His tests pull questions directly from the projects. If you can start the projects early and make good progress on them, you will do well on the tests. 
                  
                      This man, is a legend! If you are a computer science major, do not avoid him! His classes are very tough, yes, but they are extremely rewarding. Upon completion of programs, you feel like you learned A LOT. He gives tons of example code. If you're a non-CS major, be aware that his classes are challenging, so use your best judgement.
                  
                      Would never take him again. What an awful professor.
                  
                      Overcomplicated;  Projects are too large to give to a student before they have a solid understanding of programming concepts.  Generally understood most students will not progress on.  Learn to walk before you can run.  This structure for a course should be geared to higher levels.  He is however, very clear and holds an interesting lecture.
                  
                      i would say one of the better teachers in kutztown. Cares a lot about his class but you have to show him your dedicated to his class. test were hard b/c of his spiegel questions. curves test though. MUST study and try to understand material outside the classroom or you will fail. The more effort you put in the more he will give back
                  
                      Hosts a challenging course he is proud of. He defines exactly what he expects from you & your projects, and gives you examples & bits of code to work from. That being said, he doesn't just give you the answers, you still have to think & work hard to succeed. He obviously cares & tries to make you succeed, very helpful. The hero Comp Sci deserves...
                  
                      Best professor I've ever had, also the most difficult class I've ever had. He'll challenge you and expect you to try. If you actually try, he'll help you every step of the way. An amazing Professor.
                  
                      Spiegel is a god among men. Very challenging class but very rewarding ;)
                  
                      a legend
                  