
										Generally mediocre college in a nice location. I'm very disappointed with the (lack of) quality in the Computer Science program, and the school overall. Send your kids to a better school.
									
										B-E-A-utiful campus. Only think that would scare me is that some random kids sleep on the floor lounge instead of their beds.
									
										Ramapo is a good school. I like it here so far. Although the party scene here is not that great you would find better parties if you are in greek life. Food is here not the best (depends on the day) but Paycafe is very good. There are a lot of opportunities to get involved. Professors that teach full time are excellent. Dead on weekends.
									
										If you're here for academics and clubs, it's more easy to make friends. The food gets old (and gross) after a while, and there's not much to do on the weekends. It's an isolated campus but pretty safe. If you're looking to see the same 50 people on campus, here's the spot.
									
										Ramapo is a great campus to live and study on. So many nice people accepting you for the way you are. I don't think that I've ever seen bullying here. Not even once. Great environment. Easy to navigate once you get used to it. Overall it's a pretty awesome place to spend time.
									
										Its what you make of it, If you make friends with people around your dorm there's never a boring time. Frat parties are far away but there are parties on campus if you know where to look. I love Ramapo!
									
										Love the campus don't get me wrong, but definitely needs work. Wilderness and the wildlife is beautiful. The campus needs more diversity among faculty members. Food isn't too bad but some days are better than others. Very unhealthy. Public safety is never to be found. Very hard to make friends here, and very unhappy here..
									
										Beautiful School.
									
										Good school for academics and if you're a serious student. However it is a commuter school. Do not expect to make friends. People do not really talk to each other.
									
										Class sizes are small and most professors are great. The food in the dining halls is so gross though, wish I didn't have to have a meal plan because I would much rather cook for myself.
									
										I love this campus! Spending my freshman year of college here was simply the best choice I made. Cant wait to go back as a sophomore this September!
									
										The campus itself is beautiful. Great professors too.
									
										Feel like I wasted money and time taking classes that I didnt even need. Social issues? Math for the modern world? Exactly what are we even learning? Maybe some students love this place, I hated it. It felt like a ghost town and into was just hard to make friends here.
									
										I love it at Ramapo
									
										Its a ghost town on the weekends if you live on campus. Not sure why I stayed two semesters. The food is ok but paycafe is pretty good. Public safety is really strict.
									
										School is not diverse. Few black professors and students of color.
									
										Be ready to pay for an education that may not seem worth it. The curriculum they allow is absurd, how some of the professors have their license to teach is insane and evaluations mean nothing here. The faculty is not helpful, they only care about kids that do sports or clubs. And although its diverse, most students are rich/snotty &amp; only want party
									
										This school may be pretty, but it's not very great. They really only cater to people who live on campus. Commuters are expected to be involved in clubs and events (meanwhile most commute because they don't have the money to live here and have jobs outside of school). They care more about extracurricular activities than how your actual classes.
									
										love it here
									
										Great school when it comes to classes. All the professors I've had so far have been very nice and knowledgable. The food is pretty bad and a lot of people smoke on campus but overall I'm glad I came here.
									